Impromptu Zoom Meeting - May 14
VIEW RECORDING - 36 mins (No highlights): 

---

0:00 - Harpreet Singh (letsgroto.com)
  Hey, Brian. Hi. How are you?

0:02 - Brian Oltmanns
  I'm good.

0:04 - Harpreet Singh (letsgroto.com)
  Great.

0:05 - Brian Oltmanns
  All right. So I wanted to see if maybe you wanted to, I can share my screen and show you what our app looks like and kind of talk through some of the things that I'm looking at and, you know, then you can kind of wrap your mind around how it works.  So, you know, I don't know if like, I'm sure you guys have construction in your country and all that.  I don't know if it works the same here, but any questions that are construction related as far as how, you know, maybe the ecosystem around hiring works or whatever, like, feel free to ask me those questions.  You know, just as a backdrop, like, construction in our country, like, is typically like, you know, somewhat the lower income bracket type of people.  They're not super technology advanced. They're not super, I've got people that barely can. Email. So, you know, user experience is going to be huge.  Like design is obviously important, but like streamlining the user experience is going to be huge. Like minimizing the clicks, minimizing all the steps that things need to take.  Like that's all like part of my goal to really like, you know, elevate the user experience to where it's just impossible to be dumb enough not to figure out how to do this.

1:26 - Harpreet Singh (letsgroto.com)
  Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, that makes sense.

1:29 - Brian Oltmanns
  That completely makes sense. Yeah. So let me share here. And let me know when you can see.

1:39 - Harpreet Singh (letsgroto.com)
  It's probably not open now.

1:40 - Brian Oltmanns
  can see. Okay. So this is our landing page. This is in Squarespace. So this is like basically our gofindbuild.com, our link.  You know, the biggest challenge I have is, you know, my goal is to, this is a two-sided marketplace network, if you  Well, like Uber, like Airbnb, like anything else, you have a supply side and a demand side. So I have a job seeker and I have a company profile.  have two separate profiles. So we obviously are in the business of connecting the two together. The challenge that comes with that is you have one landing page and you are trying to convey a message to two different people.  So, you know, this is where we landed. I'm not in love with it. I mean, it's just the best we could try to come up with.

2:34 - Harpreet Singh (letsgroto.com)
  Obviously, up here, you can, you know, click the links.

2:38 - Brian Oltmanns
  But, you know, if you have ideas on this, like, you know, the messaging is probably somewhat consistent. If, you know, I know that like above the fold, there's just not much here.  So that might be something we can try to better implement. You know, there are competitors that have the same challenges.  are competitors same challenges that that that that have the One that comes to mind is like Blue Recruit. They're a software company.  There's a bunch of them now that I've seen come out. One's called Tradehounds. I know that we're recording this, though.  You can maybe revert back to it, but I'm just looking up some of the other ones that I've stumbled upon.  Just so you can kind of see maybe how they try to tackle this, the comms on it, they reach out to.  Hammerloop was one. That one was actually the closest competitor to us. They're really early, though.

3:35 - Harpreet Singh (letsgroto.com)
  Oh, got it.

3:37 - Brian Oltmanns
  But yeah, so that's a few that you could probably get the general idea from. But ultimately, if you're a company, if you're going to take the time, you can come here and you can kind of scroll down.  You know, just kind of all the stuff. I mean, I'll let you. I don't really. I know it's important to have the pricing.  This is kind of this is kind of a moving target right now. Like I'm getting. I'm getting ready. I'm to change this again, so I kind of want to figure out if I can, you know, somehow make this a little bit more vague, but ultimately, I'll let you kind of scan this stuff when we get into it, but, you know, that way you can kind of think about it, but, you know, ultimately, I just feel like maybe there's a better way to do this, especially above the fold, but, but yeah, anyway, so.  So if I go to log in, I've already got my profile set up here, so if I go to log in, basically, you know, we, we only require companies to answer four questions to get a profile stood up, you know, what the name of the company is, either the name or the, or the, the name of the contact person, an email address, obviously, to register, and what trade categories they serve in, meaning like plumbing, or whatever, whatever.  So the trade categories are the most important aspect of this because that's what our software uses to backlink like what skills somebody has to what company that needs those skills.  So they fill out those four questions. If they don't, you know, the immediate thing that happens with this success center is it'll tell them, hey, your profile is not complete.  We just got you on here so you had access to our talent network. And then we encourage them to complete their profile.  But this is, you know, we've just changed our profiles a little bit, especially for job seekers. But, you know, we've really mobilized or we've really optimized this really well for mobile.  I personally feel like it's a little bit better on mobile than it is on web.

5:40 - Harpreet Singh (letsgroto.com)
  Okay. Okay.

5:42 - Brian Oltmanns
  No, I'm okay with these. I just, I feel like having a little bit more color here and there is helpful.  You know, right now I don't have any picture, I don't have any photos of my work, which is another thing that people can add.  You know, they don't typically go through the whole process of that.

5:59 - Harpreet Singh (letsgroto.com)
  tuned. So, you when they sign up, we kind of give them the walk-along, like, here's where you are, you know, which is helpful for people to see how, you know, we try to make it one punch and done on these things so that they can just kind of move through these really quickly.

6:16 - Brian Oltmanns
  The dropdowns, I feel like could be a little better. Maybe you disagree. Right now, you know, it's just kind of a click and go, which is honestly maybe the best it can be.  They can also start by typing in, like, what do I want to find?

6:32 - Harpreet Singh (letsgroto.com)
  And I can find it.

6:33 - Brian Oltmanns
  So maybe there's a better way. Maybe there isn't. But, whoops. But anyway, that's what the dropdowns and stuff look like.  And I'll show you some other things that I definitely want to try to figure out a better way to do.  But overall, this is kind of what the onboarding process looks like. You know, there's areas where they do have to type, but I tried to minimize those because I know typing is so tedious for people.  But, you know, a lot of companies already have this on their way. Website or somewhere where they have kind of their mission statement, you know, whatever.  But why this changed, but okay. You know, you can upload your logo and all that on this tier too.  So anyway, that's kind of what the process kind of looks like to, you know, get to that point. What I do, what I do, you know, the dashboard is kind of like the epicenter of all the detail right now.  I feel like the success center doesn't need to be this big. I feel like this doesn't need to be this big.

7:33 - Harpreet Singh (letsgroto.com)
  Yeah.

7:34 - Brian Oltmanns
  What I would really like to do is, you know, right now, like Trade Partners is basically like, if I, if I own a construction company, you know, I can post a project which just says like, I'm building a hospital, you know, this is, you know, this is where it is.  This is the start date. And then these are all the people that I'm looking for that one I want to interact with on this project.  So we've accomplished this. Anybody that matches any of these trade categories gets an email that says, hey, there's a project in your area that matches your trade expertise, so they can interact with companies on a project level by doing that.  I can see a lot of issues with UI on this page, like this is offset, like you can see some of this right here, these are offset, there's things that definitely need to be fixed.  We just had to update our front end, we're using Vue, we just had to update and migrate to V3, so we've got some of these because of that, so, but this is currently what the profiles look like.  I don't, I feel like they look just very blah, like I don't, I see the company name and I kind of, you know, I don't know if this is necessary here, I feel like they're better, you know, some of the description out of the, you know, out of the, you know, their profile could be better displayed here, maybe a phone number, maybe like.  We're integrating a messaging feature, so maybe just integrating it to where they can message a company directly or call them.  I just feel like these don't help do anything, to be honest with you. You know, maybe you agree or disagree, but...

9:15 - Harpreet Singh (letsgroto.com)
  I think definitely, like, a little bit of optimization is definitely possible. But, okay, let's continue, and then maybe I have a few questions I'd ask towards the end.

9:24 - Brian Oltmanns
  Search projects is just, like, if somebody's posted a project in the area and you skip over the email, like, this is where those are going to populate.  We don't have any right now. Nobody's posted any projects, so that's just where these would be. I definitely want you to, like, think about or look at, like, tables for these because I'll show you kind of, you know, this is kind of what it looks like.  I've got a job posted. This is what it looks like. I've got the views, the applicants, you know, the stuff that's declined.  I've got to go over here to kind of click what I want to do with it. Right now, we've got the ability...  to copy a post just in case you want to duplicate something without having to do all the redundant, you know, name, blah, blah, blah.  So all they'd have to do is change like a job title in that. But, you know, if I want to post a job, it's way over here.  You know, going back to this, like posting a job, posting a project to me, they work here, but I would really like it to be on the dashboard where I can just click post and then the option to choose do I want to post, you know, kind of like if you think about Facebook or anything, like you just click post and then it's like if I have multiple options, I just choose which option.  I posting a job? Am I posting a project? And then I can go to those forms and then everything is kind of centralized on here instead of, again, me logging in.  Then I got to go here and then I got to go here and then I got to go everywhere else, you know.  So that's another thing that maybe you can think about. But, you know, I've got active jobs. Those are these.  I don't have any inactive jobs, but that's where they would go if I post a job. I get a new form, what the job title is, kind of all the usual stuff, part-time, you know, blah, blah, blah, you know, why work here, this kind of stuff, and then they would just publish it at the bottom.  But anyway, going back to this, this is kind of what the display looks like as far as, you know, our quote-unquote table.  You know, if I go into here and I want to view candidates, this is what our current table looks like.  And right now they have them, which drives me crazy. They've got the newest ones on the bottom and the oldest ones on top.  You know, I don't like this JobSeeker 6-8 FC. We obviously can't show what their name is because that's what we're selling.  So, you know, if I have a JobSeeker that's applied, I can view their profile. This is what their profile looks like.  You know, we don't, we let them see where they are, but we don't, we don't allow them to see a phone or an email or their name because, again, that's what we're charging people to access.  If they like their profile. So what they can see is, and again, we've just changed these, but, you know, they can see if they're 18, if they're legally authorized to work, what their highest level of education is, you know, do they have a driver's license?  Do they have reliable transportation? We're going to add some other questions in here that'll make these profiles a lot more elaborate because initially I'm not getting the sense that a company is feeling like there's a lot of value if somebody doesn't go through the process to completely fill out their profile.  So if they don't have any experience, this is kind of a very, you know, baseline profile that's kind of hard to spend $100 or whatever on because, you know, what are you really seeing from somebody, right?  You know, so I'm trying to find, so this is what, if someone has a work history, this is what it shows, you know, it doesn't show where they work to protect their privacy from their current employer.  So, you know, using this app is very private. I'm trying to find one where they have it. Experience, so you can see what that looks like.  That's not one either, but I don't know if I'll find one or not, but basically what we, okay, here.  So if they have trade experience, we have to rate themselves on a basis of like, I'm skilled, you know, apprentices, like I have no experience, skilled is the second tier, like I have some experience, and we show the job seeker this when they sign up, you know, then there's a journeyman, which is like, I've been doing this for a minimum of four years, I have a license if there is one, and I am completely competent and capable of doing this by myself, and then a master is the highest tier, meaning you have six years or more of experience, you know, this is obviously the highest experience level, but we ask them to go through, they pick those trade categories, and then they go through and they fill this out.  So if I look at this, I have a better understanding of somebody that has experience, right? I can see.  See, they've done these things. I've got a lot more information, so I may be more inclined, you know, and if there's a better way to display this, I'm all ears, you know, to where it's not so taking up so much space on the page or something.  But yeah, that's kind of an overall view of how applicants work. These are the people that have applied to a job.  I honestly am thinking that like JobSeeker and then maybe the applied on date could be better than this, like JobSeeker and then the date.  Instead of having that year two. one of the other things from a user experience perspective is that we want that I want to do, but we haven't done yet is I would really like to have an applicant expire, like, you know, and give them like one week or two weeks and then show that in a table like, hey, they applied on this date at this time.  You have, you know, two weeks to respond because a lot of times what happens is a job seeker might apply to one or two jobs.  And then just wait, hoping that something happens. And then if nothing happens, they'll never know. And then they may not apply to more jobs.  So this at least closes it out. And we obviously would email the business and say, hey, you have 48 hours before this applicant expires or whatever.  And I feel like that also gives a little bit of FOMO from a business perspective. Like if I miss out on this, it gives me like, I can't just take all the time I want.  I've got to make a decision or I lose it, you know, kind of thing. So that's the job post perspective.  That's the applicant perspective. What we also do to try to stimulate engagement with the app since we're building a challenging network is, you know, if let's say I sign up, but I don't know about this yet.  Like I'm just kind of like want to feel it out. if someone signs up and they're looking for a job and their skills match your company, then we send them an email that says, hey, we have a job secret that matches

16:00 - Harpreet Singh (letsgroto.com)
  Matches your company. We have a skills match for you.

16:03 - Brian Oltmanns
  Whether they're hiring or not, they might get curious and say, oh, that's kind of cool. Okay, let me see.  So a match for a job, if they want to look at one, kind of is the same way. These are all matches to my company.  I can see their profile the same way. This job seeker in this situation does not have any idea that this company, they're just on here, but they don't really know that they've been matched because this company may or may not have a job posted.  The company can say, you know what, like this guy looks like he's pretty good in comparison to somebody I already have, you know, that I have on my payroll or whatever.  You know, we allow them to invite the job seeker to apply to a job. So in this case, they could click invite.  What would happen then is you can either, I got to pay for this, guess, but what you can do once you pay, it's $25 to invite someone to apply.  Once they pay. A, they can grab a job post that they've already built and send it directly to them, or they can create a new job post, basically.  And all that job post does is go straight to this job seeker, and if the job seeker gets an email that says, hey, this company's interested in you, please apply to this position if you're interested.  If they apply, then the company can then charge, again, pay to unlock their information and then proceed accordingly. But, you know, overall, our goal is to get the businesses on here because they will get engaged with these emails, with these matches, and then once they do, they can interact with them.  And that's kind of what our whole goal is with this. overall, that is, you know, all the matches are over here.  You know, again, any thoughts you have on the tables and how this all works, like, you know, I can get you access to our staging site where you can see how job posts work.  You can interact with, you know, between a company and a job seeker profile. So, like, you'll be able They kind of do all those things.  But overall, that's it. I mean, it's a pretty simple, we have a space here where if someone has an issue or a recommendation.

18:09 - Harpreet Singh (letsgroto.com)
  Yeah, yeah, yeah.

18:12 - Brian Oltmanns
  In support, I'm sorry, that's weird. This is in their profile settings. They can turn on notifications on and off.  They can add credit cards in here. We show them what their prior expenses were. They can print receipts. You know, if someone wants to add an HR person or change the email of whoever the user, do that here.  And then, of course, change the password.

18:33 - Harpreet Singh (letsgroto.com)
  So I know I dumped a whole bunch of information on you, but like, I just want think this is definitely helpful and important.  So I think I have a few questions. first one would be that since we are revamping the website and the product, right?  So is there any limitation as to like, you would want to retain specific, you know, interaction or like, do we have the full freedom to sort of come up?  With something completely different, while still maintaining your existing functionalities, know, how different flows are existing in the existing platform.  So, like, that won't be changed, but let's just say that the visual direction, look and feel is something that I plan on changing completely.  So, is this something that you would be comfortable with, or you have some limitations? Okay, we can't completely revamp things, you know, like, so I just want to understand what is the limitation from design plus the development, plus the development.

19:28 - Brian Oltmanns
  As far as I'm concerned, like, what I'm really interested in is having somebody that has real product knowledge, that knows how users, how the user interface really should be to streamline user engagement.  So, like, refine the product to where it's the best that it possibly can be from all angles, right?

19:53 - Harpreet Singh (letsgroto.com)
  So, you, in that realm, you have complete freedom and control.

19:57 - Brian Oltmanns
  What I would ask for is, I know in the... Age of AI. Doing a design mock-up is probably fairly quick, I would assume.  I would just say, like, if you have something that you're like, hey, I want to change this whole thing, you know, if you can mock something up quick and explain it to me, there's a good chance I'll say, let's go, let's run, you know, as long as that's possible.  I just, what I don't want to do is just, you know, pay you guys a bunch of money to, like, design out a whole bunch of stuff, and then I'm like, oh, I don't really know if I like that, you know, that.  But, yeah, otherwise, if that's possible, then I'd say you have complete authority to just say, I think I can make this way better because of this, this, and this, and then other, you know, recommendations, like, there's a lot of things that I really want to do with this, like, I want to have a Spanish conversion because there's a lot of Hispanic immigrants that work in construction, almost 40% of the Like I mentioned, having the job applicants expire, I want to stimulate virality by building into this, having a referral system, you know.  I use Robinhood as my example. I read this book called Hooked where they basically explain to you that all the little dopamine triggers that people build into products that keep them coming back.  When I think of Robinhood, it's a stock app where every time you log in, it goes cha-ching and it moves and that's enough to stimulate your dopamine.  You're seeing it move. So what I thought of as having something on the dashboard here where if somebody wants, if a company comes on here and they, let's say they invite five or however many of their colleagues that they work with every day to join GoFindBuild, they get credit towards using it like site credit.  Like, hey, then, you know, if you do this many, you get free unlocked. And the more people in, the more free you get.  And then the thought of that is, is like when they get to a certain benchmark, they get an email, but the next time they log in, there's a little dollar sign somewhere that just cha-chings and they see that go up.  And that gives them the incentive to go invite more people.

22:00 - Harpreet Singh (letsgroto.com)
  You know, and that's really what I feel can drive virality. Correct. I think what we are discussing is more like specific aha moments throughout the whole journey, right?  So I think we can think of multiple aha moments and not just one, like subtle, not like too loud or any major interaction, just like subtle micro interactions that can make the users go wow, right?  So that is something that can be considered. I'm just planning out like how we can sort of build this out with the first stage.  So first, you want to like look at the website or product is the priority for you?

22:36 - Brian Oltmanns
  For starters, I'd say, let's look at, let's look at just auditing the existing. And, you know, I can, like I said, I can have you go through our staging site.  You got a free reign to create as many profiles as you want and see how everything works. And after that, I'd say, you know, make recommendations on, hey, I think that we need to change these things.  And. Now, let me show you how. And then once we get beyond that, then I can tell you some of the things that I want to build into this.  And then that's what was to work through that process. Like, how do we design these components? Where do we nest them?  What's the best way to do that? And integrate this to really refine this dashboard into kind of a life center, like a, you know, an information hub on, I can do everything from my dashboard, all my information's here.  You know, how do I make these tables better? How do I, how do I see everything, you know, in a clear way, you know, obviously on mobile and web and, you know, just this, that kind of stuff.

23:38 - Harpreet Singh (letsgroto.com)
  So that's, that's kind of what I have in mind, in mind with this. Yeah. Yeah. So basically first start with an audit, a detailed and comprehensive audit of both the website plus the application.  And then we start with the design revamp, right? Got it. Got it. So I am also thinking like in this audit slash recommendation.  We should also cover, you know, a happy path. Basically, a happy path is like, what is the typical journey across the different flows?  Like, for example, finding that aha moments, right? What different possible aha moments we can come up across the whole journey?  Like when they land on this platform, let's just say, and then what is the next step that they have to do?  And after that, so basically a very simple information architecture flow, right? Right? That these two things I feel will be critical before we actually start with the design phase.  I think these things should ideally be done.

24:34 - Brian Oltmanns
  Sure. Yeah, that makes sense.

24:37 - Harpreet Singh (letsgroto.com)
  Yep.

24:39 - Brian Oltmanns
  And then, you know, right here on the dashboard is where companies can change, you know, because we automatically populate.  Like if I created a profile for a plumbing company, know, plumbing, whatever trades that they chose pop up here automatically, and then we're matching them to those jobs.  But if they, you know, let's say they're looking for a forklift driver or a warehouse. They can, of course, come in here and add more, you know, more of those trades that we can kind of match them to those people, you know, at that time.  Just for purposes of you seeing, this is the other side.

25:15 - Harpreet Singh (letsgroto.com)
  So this is the job seeker side.

25:17 - Brian Oltmanns
  So what we do with this, and I'm thinking of changing this, like, what we do with this is, like, we want construction workers to come on here, but not necessarily just to find a job.  Like, our long-term vision with this is building a platform that's, like, kind of like a LinkedIn for the trades, but building in a lot more things, like a marketplace where people can buy tools and, you know, equipment, materials, and having, like, you know, tool testing and, like, where you can buy, like, clothing.  Like, just having a complete, like, platform for construction, like, where you can find everything, you can hire, you can find work, day labor, like, all that stuff.  So this is kind of the job seeker side, you know, right. Now, if they're looking for a job, we make them turn this on.  I'm thinking of starting out with it on instead of off, because somebody may not realize, like, this is here.  It works in the inverse, right? Like, so if their profile is not complete, we'll tell them here. You know, maybe we can think of other things to add to this, or you might say this whole thing's stupid, get rid of it.  But anyway, this is kind of where they can say, okay, what do I want to look for a job in?  And as jobs get posted or whatever, this is what we'll match them to. And they, of course, don't get emails if new jobs are posted in the meantime.  But yeah, this is a similar kind of, you know, user interface. And this is what their profile looks like, which you've seen at my profile here.  If I want to find jobs, this is, I don't really like the way this looks at all, but this is the way jobs look.  So I can, you know, I can see the job. I can view these jobs. This is what they look like.  I'm not sure if the gray is better.

26:59 - Harpreet Singh (letsgroto.com)
  Like, I feel like... Some color would be nice.

27:03 - Brian Oltmanns
  Or having, like, if there is, you know, the pay, like, the pay is down here. Like, that's what people want to see, right?  It's like, the money should be here somewhere, or, you know, maybe these cards and these displays have something that's better than what you can see here.  But they can save these jobs for later. If they save them, they'll go over here. But they can also kind of see where they've been matched to, what's been declined, you know, and that kind of thing.  So they can do quite a job to view them, you know, and that's how, that's kind of how this all works.  But yeah, I think that's, that's pretty straightforward.

27:39 - Harpreet Singh (letsgroto.com)
  So I think maybe once I go through it, I'll be able to understand it better. But I think this makes sense.

27:44 - Brian Oltmanns
  it's all making sense.

27:46 - Harpreet Singh (letsgroto.com)
  Yep.

27:48 - Brian Oltmanns
  But yeah, that's kind of what, that's kind of overall what I'm looking for. And if it, if it makes sense.  Just do some handyman stuff or something on the side. We could run that through this platform too. Just all of those things.  then, you know, again, figuring out how do we integrate all that together through the onboarding process or just manipulating the job seeker profile where they have access to projects.  You know, it's all possible. It's just how do we make it work to the best of our ability? And, you know, Facebook has a lot of construction groups, you know, and that's where people hang out and use.  They use those. All they do is they go on there and say, I'm looking for a few guys to do this, or I'm looking for a guy to do that, or I'm looking to hire somebody.  Like, that's really what people use nowadays, which is really sad. But, you know, but it worked, but it's what people use, right?  So, modeling, you know, we can't really implement a feed or any type of a post and go because then people will bypass, like, the hiring process through the app.  But maybe do, like, you know, different types of making connections. Kind of like figuring. Facebook or just building a network of people that you know through this but also interacting with projects.  there's all kinds of different things that I want to do. It's just, you know, again, working alongside somebody that has those recommendations and those thoughts and then figuring out the biggest way.  The biggest thing, which is how do we implement this to where it all makes sense, right?

29:15 - Harpreet Singh (letsgroto.com)
  Correct, correct, correct, correct. Makes sense. Okay, there was one more question coming to my mind, but I think I sort of slipped it.  But yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay, yeah. So I am able to recall now. So how are you able to generate leads for this specific business?  Like, is it completely through SEO? Or you have partners? Like, how are you getting leads for this business? Like, how do you generate leads?  Because I want to understand that journey and then where exactly are they dropping?

29:46 - Brian Oltmanns
  What are they thinking? Yeah, so it's very challenging. I'm not going to lie. There is a very massive labor shortage.

29:54 - Harpreet Singh (letsgroto.com)
  in this country for construction workers.

29:58 - Brian Oltmanns
  We need over a half a million workers and almost a million workers over the next like five years. A lot of our construction workers, like the average age of a construction worker is 42 years old.  A lot of them are aging out. The good news is a lot of young people are interested in construction.  A lot of Gen Z are interested in it. A lot of them are going into it because college is too expensive and everything's too expensive.  And these jobs are better protected from AI. So there's a lot of good positive things going forward in the future.  Right now, I mean, we've done cold email. We've done cold calling. We've done Google Ads. We've done, you know, all kinds of different outreach methods, LinkedIn connecting, messaging.  We've tried to build some funnels through that. You know, the challenges in construction, a lot of the smaller companies, especially, they don't have an online presence.  They don't have some of, a lot of them don't have websites. A lot of None are not on LinkedIn.  None of them are on Indeed or CareerBuild or any of the hiring sites. And that's part of the problem why we have such a shortage.  That's the challenge. And so, you know, Google Ads has worked really well for job seekers, but nothing has worked for companies.  Like, so this is a complete ground game for us. Like, I have to meet companies in network meetings, in industry groups, in, you know, at hardware stores.  Like, I have to, we have to go boots on the ground, kind of like politicians that don't have a lot of money because that's so far been the only way to successfully onboard people, you know.  And I really tried to rack my brain to come up with ways to, you know, kind of do the claim your profile approach where we put people on our, in our system and then try to give them a few carrots.  It's like, you know, hey, you have a match or, hey, you have an applicant, or we take jobs and scrape them and put them in our system.  And, you you know. Then we tried to go back to them and say, hey, we've got applicants for you and try to sell them applicants.  But it takes so much manpower and legwork, and there's still no guarantees. So I just haven't landed on the whole claim your profile approach.  I just feel like it's kind of a, you know, I don't know. It could work, but it also could just be a lot more work that could just not have a lot of net gain.  So, and I don't like, I really just don't like the thought of having the whole database full of like companies that don't even know they're there, you know, and just they're not using the product.  They're not, so I don't know. I know it's kind of a fast track to growth, but I just, I'm just not quite there yet, you know.  So I guess if anyone has ideas, I'm all ears. But right now it's just a completely a ground game.  You know, we're just trying to get to a critical mass where if I've got 100 users, you know, they're going to start, if they use it and they like it and they have a good experience, they're going to talk and they're going to talk to other people.  And then if we can, you know, get more brand recognition. And get into more trade shows and show people, hey, this really works.  I feel like that'll help spin things forward, you know, and that's kind of what my goal is right now.  So I don't know if that answers your question.

33:05 - Harpreet Singh (letsgroto.com)
  Two specific follow-ups on that. The first one would be, have you ever tried SEO? Because I don't know, like, people are actually searching for these queries, getting the results.  Because what we can do at later stage, this is something that we should not be doing right now. But maybe we are in a good spot of, like, a perfect product that we want, right?  So maybe once that stage is done, we can even brainstorm on SEO strategies, because we have deep experience and resources for that.  So maybe once we reach that stage, I can give you some strategies on something that we can try on and see if that is working or not, right?  And on top of that, have you tried paid Google listings or paid ads?

33:51 - Brian Oltmanns
  It's fake. Yeah, that's what... That's what we've been doing is Google Ads, and it has been successful for job seekers.  Right now, over the course of three or four months, we've acquired, we're acquiring anywhere from 30 to 40 job seekers per month, month over month.  And we have a combined total currently of just over 250 job seekers. But we tried it with companies, and I don't know, you know, I think companies have long given up trying to search for ways to hire.  Maybe not, you know, maybe the trick is in the details of how they do the Google Ads, but it just hasn't had any net effect for companies.  So I've been told to wait on SEO, that it's a long game.

34:37 - Harpreet Singh (letsgroto.com)
  It is, it is. But to be honest, SEO is something that has given us good results in the past, right?  And I'm not saying you have to do it, right? First, what we can do is in the, in the parallel phase, right?  We can actually do a quick SEO audit. Understand how other competitors in your space are getting results because at this stage, I feel you also might not be able to understand how they're getting results.  So what we can do is actually analyze their websites, see their following SEO strategies, pushing out content, getting results.  So at least we know if competitors are actually getting monthly 200k, 500k visitors on their website, this means they're doing SEO.  And this means they're getting the results. That is why they're spending on SEO. So this is the basic SEO audit that we can do with the 3, 4, or 5, 6 key competitors and get to that understanding.  Okay, this is something that is working for them. Once we realize, okay, this is working for them, then we start optimizing the SEO strategy for you.  Okay, this is what we should be pushing out. This is the content that is getting results for your competitors, right?  This is how the process of SEO works. And we don't straight away, directly start with pushing out content. We first analyze the market, we understand the competitors, and then start the SEO process.

35:53 - Brian Oltmanns
  Yeah, yeah, that's... That makes sense. I'm open to it. I don't think that there's any path that I don't want to, like, try an A-B test at least and see if it has a net effect.

36:03 - Harpreet Singh (letsgroto.com)
  There's no reason not to, so. Correct. Cool. Cool. Cool. Cool.

36:10 - Brian Oltmanns
  All right. Well, as far as I'm concerned, we...